[DO NOT MERGE] DOCS-12770 lifecycle states (#166)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-describe-an-asset.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> You can edit an asset's portal, change its name, icon, description, tags, categories, and custom fields; and add portal pages with content.

Reviewer: STET original: you must separate list items that have internal commas by using semicolons:
```suggestion
You can edit an asset's portal;
change its name, icon, description, tags, categories, and custom fields; 
and add portal pages with content.
```

All versions of an asset have the same name, icon, description, and computed average rating.

Each minor version of an asset has its own tags, categories, custom fields, and content pages, including an optional page of terms and conditions.

In Exchange, open the asset list and select the asset. Exchange shows the asset portal.

== Edit Asset Portal Information

You can change the asset icon, name, description, contact name, and contact email. 

> . Click the edit pen icon in the asset portal.

Reviewer: We should try to show this icon rather than describe it in terms that might have different implications for different audiences.

> . To change the icon, click the edit pen icon, select an image file, then click *Open*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To change the icon, click the edit pen icon, select an image file, and then click *Open*.
```

> . To change the asset portal name, enter the new asset portal name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To change the asset portal name, enter a new asset portal name.
```

. To change the description, enter a new asset description in the *Description* field.
. To change the contact name or email, enter a new contact name and email in the corresponding field.
. To cancel the changes, click the *X* icon.

> . To save the changes, click the *check* icon.

Reviewer: Does the icon actually show the word "check" or do you mean a check symbol?

> NOTE: Before the August 2019 release, the versions of an asset could have different names or icons. After the August 2019 release, a updated asset information applies to all versions of the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Before the August 2019 release, the versions of an asset could have different names or icons. After the August 2019 release, updated asset information applies to all versions of the asset.
```

== Add and Remove Categories

> When searching for assets, categories can be used to filter the search results. 

Reviewer: "you" are searching, not "categories":
```suggestion
When searching for assets, you can use categories to filter the search results. 
```

. In the asset details pane, click *Add categories*. If there are already categories added for the asset, click *Categories*.
. Click *Add category* and select from the list of categories. 
. Click *Add value* and select from the list of values. 
. To remove a category, click the trash can icon.
. To remove a value from a category, click the *X* from the value text.

== Add and Remove Asset Tags

> When searching for assets, tags can be used to filter the search results. Tags can only be lower case, and upper case tags are converted to lowercase. Special characters are permitted. 

Reviewer: "you" are searching, not "assets"
```suggestion
When searching for assets, you can use tags to filter the search results. Tags can use only lowercase letters, and uppercase tags are converted to lowercase. Special characters are permitted. 
```

. In the asset details pane, click *Add tags*. If there are already tags added for the asset, click *Tags*.
. Click *Add a tag* and select from the list of tags. 
. Press the enter or return key on your keyboard.

> . To remove tags, click *Tags*, then click the *X* next to the tag text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To remove tags, click *Tags*, and then click the *X* next to the tag text.
```

== Edit Asset Portal Documentation

The documentation for an asset can be changed.

. Select *Edit documentation*.
. Enter the new portal content.
. In the editor, you can change the appearance of text and insert code samples, block quotes, and horizontal lines.
. Add images and videos as described below.

> . After you write the main page, click *Save* to save as a draft or *Publish*. You can edit and save a draft any number of times before publishing. Drafts are not visible to other users until they are published. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you write the main page, click *Save* to save as a draft or *Publish* to publish. You can edit and save a draft any number of times before publishing. Drafts are not visible to other users until they are published. 
```

. Add secondary pages and terms and conditions as described below.
. After you edit and save all your pages, click *Publish* to publish the portal.
. Your asset portal is now visible to everyone in the organization.

=== Add an Image

You can copy and paste an image directly into the Exchange page:

. Click *Edit documentation*.

> . Select *Visual* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Visual* tab.
```

. If your image is on your computer, drag the image to the Exchange page, or copy and paste to the Exchange page.
+
If the image is on a web server, copy the image and paste it into the Exchange page.

Alternatively, select the image icon in the editor and provide a URL to an illustration available on the web.

> In the *Markdown* tab, use this syntax to reference a web served image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *Markdown* tab, use this syntax to reference a web-served image:
```

`+![some alt text](http://www.example.com/image/png.png)+`

Images uploaded before May 2019 can be accessed without authentication, and images uploaded after May 2019 require authentication. To disable unauthenticated access to an image uploaded before May 2019, download it, delete it, and upload it again.

=== Add Secondary Pages
You can add more pages to the asset portal.

. Select *Edit documentation*.
. In the left navigation bar, click *Add New Page*. 
. Press the enter or return key on your keyboard to create the page. You can create as many pages as needed.  

> .  To delete a page, click *Delete Page*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To delete a page, click *Delete Page*.
```

In Exchange, open the asset list and select the asset. Exchange shows the asset portal.

== Edit Asset Portal Information

You can change the asset icon, name, description, contact name, and contact email. 

. Click the edit pen icon in the asset portal.
. To change the icon, click the edit pen icon, select an image file, then click *Open*.
. To change the asset portal name, enter the new asset portal name.
. To change the description, enter a new asset description in the *Description* field.
. To change the contact name or email, enter a new contact name and email in the corresponding field.
. To cancel the changes, click the *X* icon.
. To save the changes, click the *check* icon.

NOTE: Before the August 2019 release, the versions of an asset could have different names or icons. After the August 2019 release, a updated asset information applies to all versions of the asset.

== Add and Remove Categories

When searching for assets, categories can be used to filter the search results. 

> . In the asset details pane, click *Add categories*. 

Reviewer 2: The "Add categories" is only shown when no categories are present. If a category was already applied it would read Categories (1) and the process to add a category would differ slightly. I'm not sure if we want to specify that as well.

. Select from the list of categories. 
. Click *Add value*.
. Select from the list of values. 
. To remove a category, click the *trash can* icon.
. To remove a value from a category, click the *X* from the value text.

== Add and Remove Asset Tags

When searching for assets, tags can be used to filter the search results 

Tags can only be lower case, and upper case tags are converted to lowercase. Special characters are permitted. An asset can have any number of tags.

> . In the asset detail pane, click *Add tags*.

Reviewer 2: Same here

. Add secondary pages and terms and conditions as described below.
. After you edit and save all your pages, click *Publish* to publish the portal.
. Your asset portal is now visible to everyone in the organization.

=== Add an Image

You can copy and paste an image directly into the Exchange page:

. Click *Edit documentation*.
. Select *Visual* tab.
. If your image is on your computer, drag the image to the Exchange page, or copy and paste to the Exchange page.
+
If the image is on a web server, copy the image and paste it into the Exchange page.

Alternatively, select the image icon in the editor and provide a URL to an illustration available on the web.

In the *Markdown* tab, use this syntax to reference a web served image:

`+![some alt text](http://www.example.com/image/png.png)+`

Images uploaded before May 2019 can be accessed without authentication, and images uploaded after May 2019 require authentication. To disable unauthenticated access to an image uploaded before May 2019, download it, delete it, and upload it again.

=== Add Secondary Pages

> YOu can add more pages to the asset portal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add more pages to the asset portal.
```
